{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This part is about wheelchair accessible businesses in London, which can reflect the living convenience for disabled people in London.\
\
From the map and the chart in the left, obviously, most wheelchair accessible businesses are located in the inner London. Especially in Westminster, the quantity of every type of business is several times than any other boroughs. It indicates that it\'92s unfair for disabled people who live in outer London for they have to travel a long time to arrive in the businesses which are marked as \'91wheelchair accessible\'92 in Yelp.\
\
By clicking the buttons in the top-right, we can show or hide the layer of every category of business. As we close all layers at first and display them one by one, we can see that restaurants are clustering in the West End and the East End of London. After open food layer, which includes cafes, groceries and so on, we can find that the location of them is very similar to restaurants. For shopping stores, such as shopping centres and bookstores, again, they love to be the neighbours with restaurants. However, for hotels and other travel-related facilities, they are more likely to distribute in the boundary of high-density area of restaurants and shops. It makes sense because they want to be convenient to access restaurants and shops while they wish the environment is not so noisy. Also, almost every wheelchair accessible hotel is very close to tube lines so that more transportation convenience can be created for disabled people. For leisure facilities, such as museums, theatres, gyms, they seems scatter more randomly in London. For night life facilities, such as pubs and bars, and beauty and health stores, such as hair salons, skin care and massage, if we can remember the distribution of restaurants, they are quite similar. For local services, such as computer, phone, watch, bike repair stores, they gather in oxford street and locate randomly in other area. Based on the regulations we find above, disabled people can seek out the place which fits their needs more quickly.\
\
There is a search bar in the middle top as well, people can search for their locations and the map will zoom in to this place. By moving the mouse to the business points around, the popup will display the name, picture, category, price level and rating scores of every business immediately, as a result, people can find the most satisfied place according to these attributes rapidly. By moving the mouse to each borough in the map or the chart, we can see accurate numbers of each type of businesses so that we can learn the current situation of living convenience for disabled people in each borough of London more deeply.\
\
The chart about the percentage of wheelchair accessible businesses in total quantities of each type of business in the bottom-left demonstrates that businesses in London generally pay little attention in disabled people. All kinds of businesses take up less than 5%, particularly for food, which only takes up 0.56%. \
\
In conclusion, the current situation for wheelchair accessible businesses in London is a little terrible, and the next part will show the future imagination of Manchester all accessible plan which can be a real model for the future London.}